[Music]
shadows
falling baby we stand alone
[Music]
oh
[Applause]
me
hey barb yes star you know what i just
love what
movie trailers me too i like how they're
little movies about another movie before
a different movie
sometimes i find myself watching a
trailer for a movie
while i'm watching a totally different
movie too barb
what if we had a movie what then we'd
have to have a trailer oh yes listen i
wouldn't want to give
anything away though about the movie me
neither especially our faces
gosh i can almost see our trailer now
[Music]
holidays
[Applause]
[Music]
oh i'd love it if it came out february
12th gosh i love that date
[Music]
you